README.md, before:

# Melody Master 🎵

An interactive educational web app to learn music theory, specifically the Treble Clef, through a drag-and-drop game.

## Features
- **Interactive Staff**: Drag and drop notes to hear them instantly.
- **Realistic Piano Sound**: Web Audio API synthesis for accurate piano tones.
- **Full Range**: Covers notes from C4 to C6.
- **Ear Training**: Play by ear or read the notes.

## 🚀 How to Deploy to GitHub Pages

This project uses a "No-Build" architecture (via Import Maps and CDN), which makes deployment extremely simple. You do not need `npm build` or a complex CI/CD pipeline.

### Step 1: Push to GitHub
1. Create a new repository on GitHub.
2. Push all the project files (`index.html`, `index.tsx`, `App.tsx`, etc.) to the `main` branch of your repository.

### Step 2: Enable GitHub Pages
1. Go to your repository on GitHub.
2. Click on **Settings** (top tab).
3. In the left sidebar, click on **Pages**.
4. Under **Build and deployment** > **Source**, select **Deploy from a branch**.
5. Under **Branch**, select `main` and `/ (root)`.
6. Click **Save**.

### Step 3: Done!
GitHub will process the files (usually takes 1-2 minutes). Refresh the Pages settings page to see your live URL (e.g., `https://your-username.github.io/melody-master/`).

## Local Development
To run this locally, you can use any static file server.
If you have Python installed:
```bash
python3 -m http.server 8000
```
Then open `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

Commit message:

feat: Migrate to Vite for building and deployment
Integrates Vite into the project for building optimized production assets. Updates `package.json` to include a `deploy` script that runs `npm run build` before deploying to GitHub Pages. The `README.md` is updated to reflect the new deployment process and remove outdated information. `tsconfig.json` is also adjusted to correctly include TS/TSX files and exclude build artifacts.

README.md, after:

# UU Music 🎵

An interactive educational web app to learn music theory, specifically the Treble Clef, through a drag-and-drop game.

## Features
- **Interactive Staff**: Drag and drop notes to hear them instantly.
- **Realistic Piano Sound**: Web Audio API synthesis for accurate piano tones.
- **Full Range**: Covers notes from C4 to C6.
- **Ear Training**: Play by ear or read the notes.

## 🚀 How to Deploy to GitHub Pages

This project uses **Vite** to build an optimized production version of the app.

### Prerequisites
Make sure you have Node.js and npm installed.

### Step 1: Install Dependencies
Open your terminal in the project folder and run:
```bash
npm install
```

### Step 2: One-Click Deploy
Run the following command:
```bash
npm run deploy
```

**What this command does:**
1. Checks TypeScript for errors.
2. Builds the project using Vite (generates a `dist` folder).
3. Pushes the `dist` folder to the `gh-pages` branch on GitHub.

### Step 3: Verify GitHub Settings
1. Go to your repository on GitHub.
2. Click on **Settings** (top tab).
3. In the left sidebar, click on **Pages**.
4. Under **Build and deployment** > **Source**, select **Deploy from a branch**.
5. Ensure **Branch** is set to `gh-pages` and folder is `/ (root)`.
6. Wait a minute or two, and your site will be live!

## Local Development
To run the app locally with hot-reloading:
```bash
npm run dev
```
Then open `http://localhost:5173` in your browser.
